# Thrift Demo Project

This Java project is a simple Thrift demo that aims to demonstrate how Thrift works. In this guide, we'll walk you through the process of generating the required Java code using Thrift and executing the project.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, make sure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- Thrift compiler
- Maven

## Generating Java Code with Thrift

1. Open your terminal and navigate to the root folder of the project.

2. Run the following command to generate Java code from the Thrift definition file (`multi.thrift`):

```shell
thrift -r --gen java multi.thrift
```
This command will create the Java code in the `gen-java` folder.

3. After generating the code, you need to move it to the `src/org/example` directory. You can do this manually or by using the following command:
```shell
mv gen-java/* src/org/example/
```

## Building and Running the Project

Now that you have generated the required Java code, you can build and run the Thrift demo project.

1. Execute the following command to clean the project:

```shell
mvn clean
```
2. Next, build and package the project into a JAR file:

```shell
mvn install jar
```

3. The project consists of two main classes:

- **MultiplicationServer**: This class has a main method that triggers a thread to start the Thrift server.

- **MultiplicationClient**: This class has a main method that connects to the server started in the previous step.

You can run these classes as follows:

- To start the server, run the `MultiplicationServer` class:

```shell
java -cp target/<your-jar-filename>.jar org.example.MultiplicationServer
```
- To run the client, execute the `MultiplicationClient` class:
```shell
java -cp target/<your-jar-filename>.jar org.example.MultiplicationClient
```

Replace `<your-jar-filename>` with the actual JAR file name generated by Maven.

## Conclusion

You have successfully generated the Thrift Java code, built the project, and executed the Thrift demo. This project showcases how to create a Thrift-based server and client in Java, demonstrating the fundamentals of Thrift RPC communication. Feel free to explore and modify the project as needed for your own use case.

Happy coding!

